Terms and conditions

Payment

We accept major payment methods including JCB, Diners, CUP AMEX and Bank remittance.

All prices are in USD and DO NOT include VAT and are tax-free.

We collect VAT for Swiss orders. It will be automatically added on cart checkout to orders meant to ship to domestic Swiss addresses or hand-carried.

Your card will be charged the EURO of Swiss Franc equivalent of the amount that appears on our website. This is clearly laid out at checkout depending on the payment method chosen.

We reserve the right to refuse any payment and/or to impose a payment method.

Refund, Return and Cancellation Policy

Refunds are processed for lost packages post 30 days or for returned packages in the condition the order was received. For severely damaged or poor quality goods, we can issue replacements or credits, but for refunds to be issued, we must have past the 30 days to declare a loss or have the package returned back to us.  Get in touch with us by email to receive the return details as it is different depending on your region. Also, subjective views on taste or colorization or bloom within the cigar is not a valid reason for a refund. There is a huge debate to be had and we will happy to communicate with clients to help further understand the product and character of the cigar they have ordered. If you wish to cancel your order this is only possible if you have not yet paid for the order. Once you have paid for the order it is not possible to cancel the order.

Guarantee

We guarantee your satisfaction with our services. We promise to deliver high-quality products, cigars, or accessories.
After quality controls by Habanos, the cigar boxes we send out are controlled by our experts in Geneva prior to entering our humidor. All premium boxes are opened(unsealed), checked for bugs, mold, and damages to ensure top quality is served to our clients and to protect our existing stock. Packs and other fast-moving items are only randomly checked. Depending on the regional supplier of the box you've recieve, you may not have the serial numbers provided.

We use a specific packaging method to preserve moisture level and freshness(up to 60 days). When you receive your cigars you are recommended to let them rest for a couple of days in your humidor before tasting them.

If you are unhappy with your cigars, please let us know.  We will give you instructions on how to return them, providing that you keep them in their original packaging. You will be offered a box of the same cigars or similar value if that is your wish or a full refund minus shipping costs.

Privacy Policy

All collected information will be treated in strict confidentiality. You have the right to access all your personal data stored in our database and to request any rectification or deletion of this data. These details can all be viewed in your account here

We use SSL security to collect any confidential data. The only data we store is designed to complete your order, such as contact information and delivery and billing addresses. All this is stored via our SSL software. No data is passed on for marketing purposes, however, it may be passed on to complete or help with the order processing, such as our logistics partners or payment partners. No payment details are stored on our servers.

Legal issues

We ship everywhere. Tobacco-related laws differ from a country to another. The client takes on responsibility for the introduction of cigars to his country. Should duties be required, it is the client who is responsible for contacting the relevant authorities in their respective country to arrange this on the arrival of the package.

Our sales and shipment teams must respect the laws of each country. We refuse to ship tobacco products to certain other countries which is why they will not appear on the checkout. Do check with us for further information.

You should be 21 years old to browse this website and buy cigars or tobacco in general. An ID check may be conducted if needed.

Clients must be aware that the jurisdiction of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland applies and ultimately the jurisdiction of the Federal Court of Switzerland will apply in extreme cases.

